Update precomputed-assignments.mdx evaluation example (#544)
Eppo-exp/eppo-docs: docs/sdks/client-sdks/javascript/precomputed-assignments.mdx

    subjectKey: 'test-subject',
    subjectAttributes: { attr1: 'value1' },
});
```

## Perform evaluation

> The precomputed client can be accessed anywhere in your application.
> 
> Flag evaluation simply looks up the precomputed assignment and returns quickly,
> returning the default value if missing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the precomputed Eppo client is initialized, the client instance can be accessed anywhere in your application.

`get*Assignment` looks up the precomputed assignment and returns it immediately, or returns the default value if the precomputed assignment is missing.
```
